[Music]
and the Lord spoke to Moses on the first
day of the first month you shall set up
the tabernacle of the tent of meeting
you shall put in it the Ark of the
testimony and partition off the ark with
the Vail you shall bring in the table
and arrange the things that are to be
set in order on it and you shall bring
in the lamp stand and light its lamps
you shall also set the altar of gold for
the incense before the Ark of the
testimony and put up the screen for the
door of the tabernacle then you shall
set the altar of the burnt offering
before the door of the tabernacle of the
tent of meeting and you shall set the
Laver
between the tabernacle of meeting and
the altar and put water in it you shall
set up the court all around and hang up
the screen of the court gate and you
shall take the anointing oil and anoint
the tabernacle and all that is in it and
you shall hallow it and all its utensils
and it shall be holy you shall anoint
the altar of the burnt offering and all
its utensils and consecrate the altar
the altar shall be must holy and you
shall anoint the Laver and its space and
consecrated
then you shall bring Aaron and his sons
to the door of the tabernacle of meeting
and washed them with water you shall put
the holy garments on Aaron and anoint
him and consecrate him that he may
minister to me as priests and you shall
bring his sons and clothed them with
tunics you shall anoint them as you
anointed their father that they may
minister to me as priests for their
anointing shall surely be an everlasting
priesthood throughout their generations
thus Moses did according to all that the
Lord had commanded him so he did and it
came to pass in the first month of the
second year on the first day of the
month that the tabernacle was raised up
so Moses raised up the tabernacle
fastened its sockets set up its boards
put in its bars and raised up its
pillars and he spread out the tent over
the tabernacle and put the covering of
the tent on top of it as the Lord had
commanded Moses he took the testimony
and put it into the ark inserted the
poles through the rings of the Ark and
put the mercy seat on top of the Ark and
he brought the ark into the tabernacle
hung up the veil of the covering and
partitioned off the Ark of the testimony
as the Lord had commanded Moses he put
the table in the tabernacle of meeting
on the north side of the tabernacle
outside the veil and he set the bread in
order upon it before the Lord as the
Lord had commanded Moses he put the
lampstand in the tabernacle of meeting
across from the table on the south side
of the tabernacle and he lit the lamps
before the Lord as the Lord had
commanded Moses
he put the gold altar in the tabernacle
of meeting in front of the veil and he
burned sweet incense on it as the Lord
had commanded Moses he higher up the
screen at the door of the tabernacle and
he put the altar of burnt-offering
before the door of the tabernacle of the
tent of meeting and offered upon it the
burnt offering and the grain offering as
the Lord had commanded Moses he said the
Laver between the tabernacle of meeting
and the altar and put water there for
washing and Moses Aaron and his sons
would wash their hands and their feet
with water from it whenever they went
into the tabernacle of meeting and when
they came near the altar they washed as
the Lord had commanded Moses and he
raised up the court all around the
tabernacle and the altar and hung up the
screen of the court gate so Moses
finished the work then the cloud covered
the tabernacle of meeting and the glory
of the Lord filled the tabernacle
and Moses was not able to enter the
tabernacle of meeting because the cloud
rested above it and the glory of the
Lord filled the tabernacle
whenever the cloud was taken up from
above the tabernacle the children of
Israel would go onward in all their
journeys but if the cloud was not taken
up then they did not journey till the
day that it was taken up for the cloud
of the Lord was above the tabernacle by
day and fire was over it by night in the
sight of all the house of Israel
throughout all their journeys
[Music]
you